I wonder if I can do this in an hour, I don't know if I can do it in an hour or not, but
I would sure like to be done by 10.30.
Let's see if I can pull Liz off.
Let's see if I can do it in an hour or not, but let's see if I can do it in an hour.
Every once in a while I'm going to need a break.
I'm going to try and pull off something real strong in December, and real strong in January,
and so since the book comes out next week, I'm going to try and take it real, real easy
this week and get ready for a huge push all through the holidays.
We're going to hit it like we haven't in a very long time.
You scheduled for 60 minutes next.
Thanks for being here everybody, good to see you guys.
Oh, French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him, it's embarrassing.
It is kind of ready to start.
I think starting next week we're going to be having a PDF, and it's probably going to
be every Thursday is the day that we'll do the show with the PDF, a full introduction,
a full coverage of what we did the week before, and then the PDF to download.
You'll be able to see the update in the broadcast schedule as we move forward on the website,
and I am going to start to kind of gently ask people that can and don't mind to support
by either subscribing, becoming a producer or a collaborator.
Those are just higher commitments, and it would be really appreciated because I think
actually this next year is going to be really important because it's a make or break time
for a lot of things, and I want to be prepared to pretty much go out on my own, so we'll see.
I don't know why that was so loud, sorry about that, I got to reset that slide or something,
I don't know what I did with that, that was really loud, I didn't notice it though, but
I could see it on the meter.
So I don't know if this is really going to catch on, it doesn't matter if it does, it's
just a concept, right?
I'm not attached to anything or anybody.
I do work a day job, but that day job is completely independent of what I'm doing here, so welcome
to the show, this is Kego on Biological.
We are trying to break this faith in a novel virus because the faith is a lie, I don't
know exactly the details, but I do know for sure that intramuscular ejection in any combination
of substance to the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, I do know that
transfection, healthy humans is criminally negligent, I do know that bangs are not
attached to the integrity's, that's what I know for sure, it's still getting loud
in here, sorry about that, I don't know what I'm doing, I got my headphones in so it's
not that, but we seem to have lost some viewers because I can't control my sound, sorry,
anyway they'll be back if they know it's good for them.
We are trying to defend ourselves against this faith in a novel virus that killed millions
of people and millions more were saved from, this is Kego on Biological.
Hey Vilma's in the house, Vilma in the house, wow that's kind of cool, hey that was supposed
to go already, and then here we are here, and then I push, I think this button and then
this button and then good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show, this is Kego
on Biological, a high resistance low noise information brief, brought to you by a biologist,
it is the 27th of November, 2023, I missed my show yesterday for reasons being family
and basketball and such, I don't tend to miss very many and I won't, I don't intend on
missing very many, however if I do miss one, I will apologize afterward and not before
because I'm usually trying to figure out if I can squeeze it in right up until the last
minute, which is probably not the best way to do it, but it's the kind of the way that
I feel with this thing either I got it ready and I pull the pin and throw the grenade or
I put it back on the desk and wait until tomorrow and I'm trying really hard to have
a grenade ready every night.
I am a former patch clamp physiologist, neurobiologist, I used to be an academic biologist, I'm a
recovering academicician if you will.
You can find my record of that work on PubMed, you can look COU, EY, dash, J, J will bring
up all the articles in which I have participated.
The basic gist of what I did was work with mice and rats, it's very seldom but sometimes
monkeys and even sometimes tissue taken from humans with glioma surgery that extra tissue
comes out, I've even recorded from human neurons, so not to say that that's any big
deal, lots of people have done it, but it does put me in a position to at least say that
I was a professional academic biologist for long enough to struggle on the tenure track
to try and get grants, the whole thing, I know how that hierarchy works and doesn't
work, I know the kinds of people that rise up within it and I've struggled to rise up
within it myself, mostly from the perspective of not being able to fit in with the reductionist
biological aspect of it, the reductionist science of it.
The reason why I chose Gigaome biological is because Gigaome is the resistance of the
electrical seal that you make with borosilicate pipettes onto the neurons when you record
from them and so it just made sense to call this Gigaome biological a high resistance
that's low noise information brief, it's just geeky.
So we've been trying to figure out this Scooby-Doo for the last three years, we were fooled
into believing that there was a mystery to solve, we were fooled by an illusion of consensus
on both sides, on Fox News and on MSNBC and although those channels might have seemed
to take very different positions, they were different positions within a very limited
spectrum of debate and a very vigorous debate within it and so that debate was actually
a controlled one and within that controlled debate we were fooled into believing that
we were real time solving this mystery of who let the virus out and in solving this
mystery what you do is you accept the monsters in the story and in this case the monsters
in the story are pandemic potential viruses that can either be in bad caves or be accessed
with cell culture, animal passage or genetic stitching and it is with this mythology that
we have accepted because we accepted the challenge of the Scooby-Doo and we watched in real time
as these people's masks were removed and we realized that it was just eco-health alliance
in Tony Fauci in cooperation with the Wuhan lab USAID and Ralph Barrick and thank goodness
for people like Robert Malone and Andrew Huff and the other people who've really blown
the whistle on this and saved us from catastrophe but because gain of function is real and it
could definitely come again it's going to inevitably result in us surrendering our sovereignty
to the who and so we better make some underground networks and let it all fall down and we'll
reorganize after it collapses that's really the state of things right now and I want to
really try to avoid that and the way that I think we avoid that is to identify this illusion
of consensus for what it is a faith in a novel virus that killed millions of people from which
millions of more were saved the likely source of which is gain of function research and even if
it wasn't if we're lucky enough that this was a natural one and that means even things are even
worse when the inevitable gain of function lab leak actually does occur and again if you saw
the mystery then you also accepted the monsters and these monsters are the mythology that the
new world order wants to put on you that's the new world order they want to put on our kids that
in reality they've been constructing around us for decades starting with our academic our
catamagicians the people that work in universities and in laboratories it is a mythology that has
been extended to everyone and everyone's understanding has been brought up to speed and the way that
we have been changed they've changed the way that we think about very big ideas including our place
in our own ecosystem including our relationship with the sacred even the existence of the sacred
that's the spectacular nature of this
and so I am trying to break it I'm trying to nobody likes to hear about right foreign
I'm trying to break it as a card game and so I want you to think of it as
the way that they have you're playing in a card game but all of the hands are all the decks are
rigged and so we were dealt a hand and we thought wow okay we're gonna play some cards here right
we're gonna we're gonna fool some people but everybody at the tables in on it and even though
you think the new guy that came in the room has got to be trustworthy because he came in and he's
soaking wet in the rain he didn't have a fancy car he must be trustworthy he's also in on it
and the lady who's taking the drinks at the table who's winking at you and stuff and you think oh
well she can't be in on it these guys are bad guys but she's not in a she's in on it too
and that's what's happened here every time we think somebody's coming out and actually putting
you know some real skin in the game you know like you think of when a person has an autistic child
or when you think of a person who's lost somebody to cancer they've got real skin in the game they
lost something for real you think that people have sacrificed their careers for this you think
that people have put their lives on the line for it but they got a book deal at least good for them
they got a super successful stub stack for like three years good for them
they've been traveling the world all at all the time all expenses paid treated like a rock star
but that's cool it's okay they law they they sacrificed a lot they sacrificed a lot and they
were censored this information was available before the pandemic this lady's dead now but she was she
was doing tours in the united states before the pandemic the last one nobody likes to hear about
right foreign human and animal DNA but i'm going to go there because i'm taking on pharma so why
would i not go there why would i sugarcoat it where do you think plant parenthood selling all those
babies yeah and where are the churches aluminum the top one on here and no neurotoxin it's linked
to breast cancer through traditional deodorant right farm is laughing at us because they have a
vaccine for breast cancer that they're developing guess what the adjuvant is aluminum they're
blatantly laughing at us holy smokes we need to be out there screaming this from the rooftop
oh but everyone says but immunity brandy vaccine saved us immunity does not occur from the arm you
cannot bypass the natural immune system
and injected in inject things into the arm and have immunity it does not create real immunity
temporary rise in antibodies which can last you know months to years and antibodies not real
immunity you cannot bypass the immune system and expect real immunity years before the pandemic
ladies and gentlemen it's not my idea it's not even close to my idea there's been lots of smart
immunologists there's been lots of them lots of smart doctors you just didn't see them because the
system already worked very well you just had never heard of them because the system already
worked very well it actually got a little bit out of control as the internet became bigger as
social media became bigger it got a little bit out of control i assure you used to be a lot
better for them back in the day in some ways in the sense that bad unfriendly
unhandy information could not run free as easily as it can in theory could have run
free a few years ago i'm not so sure it can run very free now but you know via email it could
email chains used to be the dangerous thing maybe we need to start those again
let's let her finish sorry about that it also bypasses the detox system and that's why we're
seeing so much damage so much sickness but you know don't believe a lot that the cdc says
but this is a really great report that's probably going to be pulled off the website tomorrow
the cdc credits chlorinated water for the reduction in infectious disease
chlorinated water not vaccines that's pharma that's pharma spinning it
number two killer in the u.s in 1900 the year 1900 tuberculosis cholera was in there too pneumonia
no vaccine programs so if vaccines were really saving us we'd all be dead the best defense
against disease a healthy strong immune system not overloaded with toxins from food from water
from air and this is what everyone in here needs to get everyone they know to understand
so it's really not test check this out it's really not new information i have i have it set
up now where i can zoom up if i want to get really mad um to me it's uh
uh it's just extraordinary that it took me this long to find it i'm still very ashamed
of myself i have to very be very honest i've been i i have to be very ashamed that i didn't see
how much exaggeration and dumb simple and stupid complicated were being used to really distort
where the edge of our understanding was and where the edge of our potential technological limits are
just a little hand waving and now suddenly we can do things that you know when i was a kid nobody
would have ever waxed intellectual about when we can do what i mean
I mean it's it is very shocking so then let's go forward
extension health one year we're gonna go one year after the start of the pandemic
and i want you to think back to what you were thinking in 2021 in december when they were rolling
out the first shots in hospitals what were you thinking about in 2020 were you angry already
were you already saying i can't believe they're starting by transfecting the doctors and nurses
and old people like it is the most ridiculous thing they have even if there wasn't i mean at
that time i had no idea that there might not be evidence of spread but i did know that by this
time all of those people who had been on the front lines for six apparently six months had had more
than enough exposure to any antigens that would be necessary to protect them from extreme serious
disease if all of their basic biological cartoons were true and so when this started out i was losing
my mind their first shots victor yes that's right it was a very long time coming but the higher
ups here at the hospital they're saying that the vaccines that yes it was a very long time coming
so long in fact that it's unlikely that any of these doctors would need the shot
natural immunity typically develops after even a mild infection with a normal virus
so i don't understand what kind of RNA virus this is but i can't imagine all these people need a
shot oh my gosh i can't believe it arrived earlier today our real shot of hope
a total of 10 people received the covid vaccination Wednesday at Ascension Providence Hospital
leaving many to ask the question could this finally be the end of the pandemic that's
plagued the globe for so long the devastation that's been caused by covid is is a once-in-a-lifetime
thing now there seems to be a light at the end of the tunnel to finally get us through the dark
ages of covid-19 and of course it's the hospital workers on the front lines getting the injection
first of those 10 was nurse Russell Patel it just feels like we are on the road what a strange
symbol that is if you don't see a pyramid floating over like the top of another pyramid in the white
part there it's just a little weird i don't know what this is going i don't know what to say anymore
this is just so ridiculous how could you have seen all this back then you know i mean but
now i just see it i see it all the time you're getting everything back to what we like to call
normal and uh just really thrilled and excited about it and family medicine physician jamila
taylor you don't know what to expect this is all very new to all of us but you know you take on
the responsibility to care for individuals but why is the number wow did you hear that
they cut her off because she was bullied listen to how she says you take on the responsibility
to care for individuals so this is what they told her you can be an example you can you can
set an example i mean you take responsibility you should show them by example that she's trying
to rationalize in her head but she just got through saying that it's all brand new you don't know
what to expect she was terrified and she was completely coerced into being on tv and being
a leader listen to this this is horrible this is really bad wait throw them excited about it
and family medicine physician jamila taylor you don't know what to expect this is all very
new to all of us uh but you know you take on the responsibility to care for individuals but why
is the number stopping at 10 and they didn't even let her spend finish like she was out of breath
she was nervous she was giving them a statement and then they cut her off short
after they coerced her into doing it no doubt why are these needles so freaking big holy cow what
is that like an eight gauge and what is this blue thing this extra protector here
super weird i guess so they can load it up and then they can close it over the top of it or
something like that like looks like it's already loaded though i don't know that's weird it's
you know new products though get new products if you needed to make new new stuff for the new
countermeasure that's just more money spending even though the hospital was sitting nearly 2 000 doses
this morning that's because the health officials at the hospital want to make sure everything goes
smoothly with the vaccine unlike anything they've seen before and so they're taken out they took out
10 people gave 10 people the shot the first day and then the next day they're going to do several
hundred and that's their way of showing that we're being careful we're trying to make sure we're
filling out all the forms and doing it all right um because it's no it's a new thing and so we're
not going to teach everybody what what's happening or what we expect to happen
we're just telling them it's a vaccine and it's new and they're taking it that's all they're doing
it's there's no for informed consent here at all anything they've seen before there's just enough
nuances to this that we want to ensure that we're being very thoughtful going through all of our
processes tomorrow that number will jump up between three and four hundred our goal is to vaccinate
all of our health care our physicians our nurses our associates our partners and even though the
future seems bright that doesn't mean we need to let our guard down until we all get it we still
need to do the things that work to slow the spread of coronavirus and while that number is expected
to rise to three or four hundred starting tomorrow i'm told that in the days coming that number is
going to increase day by day until it's available to the general public for now we are reporting
alive in front of the hospital victor Williams hopeful all right victor
victor Williams is uh yeah he's uh he's a he's a nice funny guy that that's that's um like it's
almost like a saturday night live reporter wow i but good for him i hope he's having a great career
um but that that was funny uh anyway i'm just going to keep moving on a year later
when they went down the teens ambassadors are a group of diverse students from all over
philadelphia and beyond who have come together to provide facts about the covid vaccine
teen-to-teen conversations have a different impact than teen adult conversations just because
we know how to communicate with with other teens because we're teens ourselves so we
understand the communication for kids they're kind of afraid and nervous about the vaccination
so what philateen vax is in to do is to kind of change that perspective it's more of a oh it's a
fun thing to help protect our community and so by bringing in the vaccine we also bring the
information and the party-like atmosphere to the communities reconnecting them it kind of shows
that in our community there are teenagers who do care about the vaccination and we do care that
this influences our health and our families and our community philateen vax definitely has made
a positive impact within philadelphia because we're getting teenagers our age vaccinated spreading
information and just providing a community that has a bigger uptake in vaccine i often ponder and
think about the way that this has really helped the philateen vax ambassadors themselves i've grown
in my knowledge of vaccines and the medical system and how it works personally i learned that like
i really want to get more into public health and see that as a career in the future especially
with helping my community i'll keep my mind open to new things now and actually approach
people confidence because i know that we will walk relate to something they've been provided
with so many opportunities to speak out and know what that feels like and to have a voice and to
have a voice as a teen is really important so what's so frightening about this is the the idea that
that they kind of soft land on a number of issues that in theory sound really good you know it's
important for teens to have a voice of course it is you know the idea that they've
they've taught these kids they've misled these children to believe that this is the kind of
activism that they should be doing there there's no informed consent here are they
are they going around teaching the immunology of transfection
are they going around you know with a little clips of of peter coles saying that it does we
can't make it stay anywhere in the body are they going around with with with videos of
you know it's just brutal to me right now where we are and how lost my fellow adults are our fellow
adults are it's hard for me really hard for me to have the parents pick up the boys after
after basketball practice it's really hard for me to go to those games and see all those
parents there and know that some portion of them is completely on board with this idea
and the rest of them while they might not be on board with the covid things are still not aware
of the dangers that HPV vaccine poses to their daughters and sons for example and many of them
are probably going to give it to their children very soon in my schools because of the age of my kids
i'm not really sure how we move forward ladies and gentlemen but i am in a very privileged
position to be be able to give some part of my daily time to an organization like children's
health defense and so it is with very trepidatious words that i say i would also like to
to request support for my own work but i do feel like we're at a stage now where
it may be that after helping children's health defense for a year that it will be better and
stronger for everybody if i'm independent and of course i will still be plugging broken science
initiative i will still be plugging CHD if i'm not working for them anymore because they're an
organization of people with skin in the game you're not going to find that anywhere else
not like it's CHD and that's why i believe no matter what else occurs no matter what people say
about CHD doing this or doing that or speculating about what's wrong with them they are a group
of beautiful people trying their best to push this message forward and also at the same time
trying to assemble a tent which has room and capacity for all these other misfits that
this this new system of governance just doesn't have room for because it's not about freedom
and so i just as we move forward although i think it is important for us to keep doing the work
that i'm we're doing with study halls and talking about the illusion of consensus and what people
are doing we need to inspire more people to take more concrete action than this if this is what i'm
supposed to do which is which is rant and teach then that's okay that i'm going to rant and teach
but if if the next step is is i don't know who's got who's going to run for office if we don't run
for office we need to get candidates in every state that are running for office on the basis
on the basis of health freedom on the basis of preserving the doctor-patient relationship on the
basis of reinstating or establishing for the first time strict liability for all pharmaceutical
products including vaccines and so if you think about ways to get out of this ways to get out of
this aren't making an underground network of doctors that can function in the background
ways to get out of this are not to buy a bug-out cabin and stock up with food even though that may
be a good plan it might be just as good a plan to organize your small town organize your small
county with a group of like-minded people who understand the quandary that we're in and understand
that burning down the house may not be the best plan when the roof is leaking even if the roof
has been leaking for years even if they've been telling us that the roof isn't leaking and it is
leaking and there's mold and everything if it's an old stone house like ours is it's not worth
burning down it's not worth wrecking it's not worth throwing out the foundation
it's worth repairing the masonry of this chimney
it's worth putting a metal roof on the house
and in this case it's definitely not worth taking america down to the studs
and reinventing what our republic is it is taking it back ladies and gentlemen it is putting people
in office that believe in the principles that we believe in and can clean up this mess
will it be easy no is it a nearly impossible yes
but if we don't try america will be controlled demolished from the outside and in
the culture will be continued to be debased
stars on the red carpet will continue to not dress up not look classy the media will continue
to promote people who aren't classy who aren't a good example for your kids
and continue to promote examples not of hard work but luck circumstance
that's what we are facing here
and that's why you see things like this where teenagers are empowered to brainwash other
teenagers teenagers are empowered to coerce other teenagers into accepting things that they
don't understand you like that is that good should i use that every once in a while or just keep myself
tiny all the time if you like the tiny head i totally understand
theater for more than 10 years and along the way earned three i wasn't sure whether to put this
oh i wasn't sure whether to put this video in but i put it in because i wanted just for the
people that are here watching and have been here all week do you remember the video of
my fellow longhair uh the literature teacher who was talking about ovid ovid excuse me
and ovid being this greek uh greek story or series of stories rather about metamorphosis
and the the main theme that he was trying to get around or get off to his students
was the idea that um order is imposed in its temporary according to ovid and in fact chaos
is from which all things are are emerging and so from chaos order is imposed and
i was just kind of thinking talking about how um this theme of metamorphosis is around all the time
and in fact my friend matt crawford was one of the people was the person who cued me into the idea
that ovid and covid um and covid might be a thing but i don't think that when matt and i were
talking about this or when matt was explaining it to me that we were aware that when robert
melon first came out that he was calling it covid and not covid and i only made that connection
later on um so anyway i played you a video last week where the guy was explaining this and how
uh then it might be that as the roman empire collapsed and created this chaos then new order
emerges from it it might be kind of the theme of covid covid the idea that they needed to create
chaos before they could change from this system based on nation states and sovereign currencies
to changing to this global system where the nation state is subordinate or even non non
meaningful and local currencies are also non meaningful because of the digital currencies that
will come out and so in order to change this order what i made the argument was is a lot of
philosophers will say that it will be better to create chaos and then a new order will be imposed
on that chaos as opposed to starting with an old order and trying to rearrange it or modify it into
a new one and so we're not really interested in having this new one so it's okay for us to think
about the old one as a starting point before moving forward especially since the old one still
basically exists right in front of our face they just don't want us to think it's useful anymore
they don't want us to think it's salvageable anymore they want us to think that all of our
kids have been raised with the bad morals and so it's fine if it all falls apart we'll be fine
we'll pick up the pieces afterward that feels like the narrative they're selling to us now and
it's starting to frighten me that a lot of americans on both sides the aisle are buying it and in fact
what really frightens me is if trump gets elected a lot of americans would love to buy it like let's
burn it all down for sure and so it really feels like a bonfire is being built stacked up
getting ready to go and we have to make sure that it is a dam of information a dam of biology a
dam of truth that gets that floods that bonfire before it ever gets lit theater for more than 10
years and along the way so this free obi awards that's the highest honor this is uh
tonight he shares his brief but spectacular take on love joy and the first this is what they do on
pbs news hour they feature cultural icons and and influential humans and they give them a
a brief but the spectacular moment when they can express themselves about their art and many times
of course it's it's one of these hyper politically correct people who in this case
um who's sexual orientation gender whatever jewelry nail polish
and then what he says and i just i think it's just so i just strikes me i don't know
you know it's hard for you hard to broach this subject without immediately being so easily
classified as a bigot or whatever but i just want you to notice for what it is because this is
never just random because they're sending this out to millions of people this is the
the whitest bread news there is and i mean that from the from the generic kitchen perspective not
from the race perspective but like you know it's the generic sugar the generic bread the
generic cheese and and black and white dishes and a black and white floor it's it's exactly what
it's the cartoon narrative of america and so if you see this what you're basically seeing is what the
ideal perspective from the ruling class perspective would be for us to have let me say that again
in the ideal for the ruling class we would buy every single thing that pbs has got selling now i
understand that we don't buy it right but we don't buy it because the limited spectrum of debate is
actually just to the left and just to the right of it and there are very loud voices on the left
and on the right that yell about it and then this is the one in the middle that is pretending to be
calm cool and collected and listen to both of those signs and so the presuppositions of the state
and the narrative that the state wants to preserve are perfectly represented on the pbs news hour
so as nauseating as it is to watch for me and i i take this one for us for the team and so if
there's any reason to donate to my work donate because i put hours into watching the pbs news
hour so that i can get this this information out to this idea of what they're trying to send to
you so that the scooby-doo can be brought into sharp focus and i'm totally being sarcastic here
so don't take me serious when i say this stuff listen to this suit of happiness i am a creative
a doula is a person who actually helps to birth the ideas the child the playwright or the director
or the mother and the father and i'm helping them to birth that thing so the world can see it and the
world can be changed by it my work at the national black theater is a 50-year-old organization i've
been there for about 11 years we have been able to dream up and to believe into 50-year-old organizations
my work at the national black theater is a 50-year-old organization i've been there for about 11 years
we have been able to dream up and to believe into dr barber and tears original vision which was
the creative space where people can live serve and work and we use our theory of change as a way
in which to make that happen which is black liberation plus art plus placemaking equals the
conditions for humans to be transformed if we imagine ourselves as butterflies what is possible
if we imagine ourselves to be butterflies what is possible who are we then if we imagine ourselves
to be unfettered and unreleased from that husk imagining that maybe three years was a cocoon for
us three years was an imagination for us to be able to see witness and become something new
who did you become when i think about what it means to be full body three years was a
metamorphosis for us three years has changed us three years who did you become in these three
years you became a slave a mental slave is what you became a coward a weakling without a voice a
person without principles is what a lot of people became that's what i think now see i could have
used this but i was afraid if i had said those words with my big head then it would have been
very scary so i just kept myself little okay here we go i didn't fully present i really have a
conversation with how are we um reckoning with some of the western traditions that have actually
allowed us to commodify ourselves instead of seeing ourselves as really powerful beings everything
around us everything that we're able to cultivate is of our own doing and is our own becoming you
are the cultivation of wisdom wrapped in flesh you are the cultivation of possibility made real
in every breath that you get to take something is shifting inside this planet futures are being
written that we have never even known and those futures that are being written is what i need
is what our future need is what our children need i was crafted from that kind of technology
that my ancestors ancestors of slaves ancestors of people who are born into fortitude also ancestors
who are kings and queens but those ancestors actually said one day there would be a jonathan and i'm
going to show up for him in this moment i'm going to wrap my words with joy and from that joy i
love for something magical to show up that is what i'm asking for you to understand that your presence
right here is a gift that's really what i mean about the power of presence the ability to share
love and to show love to any and everything that you understand that there is only good in the
world and that through that good you're radically transformed and transformation doesn't mean that
it's always comfortable it means you live in the discomfort of your growth remember that breath
was a gift the next one is a gift energy turned into manifesting something real what
realness will you do with the time you have with the seconds that you're given
my name is jonathan mccory and this is my brief but spectacular take on love joy and the pursuit
of happiness now you can have a very negative idea of this and think that you know he's he's
doing a performance for them he works for them um you can also just think of it as a guy who is just
trying to be himself and is a very enthusiastic creator of theater and was asked to do a brief
spectacular moment on pbs news hour and this is what come out of it but i just have a hard time
with that at this stage and you heard it as well as i did i saw somebody mentioned in the chat in
the chat uh um hitari mama mentioned it in the chat that he said technology i'm not i'm made
of the same technology these are not mistakes these are not subtle choices of words these are
real choices of words the inversion of the humbleness to the universe as opposed to i am i am i am i
am um is is really antithetical to everything that i grew up with antithetical to all the humility
that i have for my very limited time and and what i can possibly do with it
and in a way you know we've gone from imagining ourselves to be to being
having a career and being a good parent to every single one of us having to imagine we could change
the world that every breath we take the universe is breathing with us
not that we are part of this larger piece but this piece is a larger part of us that we are we are
all it matters even if that's not really what he means that's definitely what he said
and there was no god ever mentioned
that's what i hear
and a lot of what i don't hear and that's what pbs news hour is doing for us right now that's
what they're doing that's the message that they're sending out at the middle so at the extreme
there might be something okay and at the extreme there might feel like there's something okay for
both people both sides both opinions but even those extremes are still safe
those extremes are still safe and i think you will find that the extremes of christianity in
america that are actually promoted that are actually numerically successful
that's probably something very wrong with them
and i've had a lifetime of exploring that possibility and i know that even extremely large
extremely successful on the outside churches like like willow creek in chicago
can have at the heart of them people who are liars
and it's unfortunate but that's how this debate has been controlled for the last
20 or 30 years it's not just the scientists it's not just the army and the navy the air force
and marines it's not just the politicians it's also the very successful pastors
the tv evangelists these are all people that have been contacted
i assure you we are under attack ladies and gentlemen
and a long standing organized attack to debase america to control the militia
and the easy out is to allow it to happen the easy out is to take the excuse that this can't
be fixed that this is beyond repair that my neighbors are idiots
that's exactly what these people want us to think because that's exactly how america falls apart
so let's watch some twib for fun
and then uh oh my gosh i have 10 minutes and this is so long this is so long um
i don't know what to do other than to go forward here we go
first is an article in science by joselyn kizer they're going to do three articles
approves ban on gain of fun the first article is about the ban of function of gain of
the ban of gain of function research representatives now they banned research federal funding for
gain of function research that modifies risky pathogens in ways that can make them more harmful
to people and this may not become law because the senate has to vote on it
as you know the senate is mildly democratic so i don't know why this should be a politicized
issue at all it should be a scientific issue because because why not because everything's a
politicized issue now that's exactly what people are up in a rage about everything the best world
yeah allen do you remember as silomar when the scientists decided to i don't remember it but i
certainly have read about it yeah they decided hey you know this recombinant dna stuff it could
be dangerous let's take a pause and talk about it so they did and that's what should be done here
so what is it notably it notably it turned out to be not dangerous yeah turn out not to be dangerous
and one of the experiments they cite here is the influenza h5n1 work of fushein kauoka of the
2015ish i think where they passage the virus so it became transmissible in the air among ferrets
which they cite is horribly dangerous and
neglect the fact that it's we learned a lot from it it was done safely under bsl-3 conditions
i'd like to make a proposal that we changed the name of that a branch of government to the house
of misrepresentation i don't know why they're getting involved i bet most of them don't even
understand what gain of function that's the point that is but gain of function is giving a new
property to any kind of organism any kind not just viruses it doesn't have to be something that
you think might be nasty it could be putting a new enzyme into a yeast so it makes flavorful
beer or something like that it just a new function maybe with enough education they can have gain
of function for themselves the thing that's um particularly um unfortunate about this
is that it this bill also contains other it has amendments one would ban gain of function studies
at the the hamlet the laboratory in hamilton montana the nich lab all right and the third
amendment would cut three point seven million from the nich director's office budget because it gave
a grant for that amount to eco health alliance so you may remember trump cut eco health alliance
grant and so recently the director of nih restored it so now they're going to cut that money away
from them because they said you shouldn't have done that it's all punitive yes and and the other
thing to note is that this amendment is different than some other um bills on this because it's a
total ban instead of allowing for review um if somebody wants to you know propose something and
get it reviewed and say why it could be useful this is just nope not allowed in any way and this
whole thing is just obviously a rush job political patch uh they don't define potential pandemic
pathogen mm-hmm which could be anything right you're working with e coli could that be a pandemic
pathogen again here what we're dealing with is a controlled spectrum of debate a a limited spectrum
debate and a very lively discussion within it's not very lively i thought i recorded it at 1.5
speed it's possible that this is 1.5 speed but anyway the idea is here that these people are one half
of the debate the other half of the debate are people saying that this is definitely a lab leak
maybe even it's a bio weapon maybe it's a combination of bio weapons
and that is the scooby-doo because if you accept that as a mystery that you have to solve a debate
that you have to listen to and understand and on take a side on then you've accepted their
monsters that's it the monsters are real and you've decided to decide which and who's responsible
for the monster that's it that's the whole trick it's not even that complicated
that's the beauty of it and they gained this thing out over several different exercises that
ended and culminated in event 201 that our own director of intelligence sat at
that the oh they're a director of the cdc of china sat at
i mean it's all right there in front of you now he can't say that you weren't warned
you can't say that you haven't been told
and over the next month or so you're we're going to be able to tell people that there
there you can't say that there weren't videos that could have helped you understand it
we're not going to be doing twitter spaces so we can
teach people this stuff we're going to be making slide decks and then we're going to be talking
about the slide decks so that people understand them they're going to be annotated well enough
they're going to be citing papers that we've talked about for three years
and we're going to start to circulate this stuff via email to all of our friends and
they're going to send it to their friends and eventually everybody on earth is going to have a
copy of basic immunology 101 and a basic infectious clones hypothesis it's not going to be that
hard i'm just surprised somebody else didn't write it up by now again because people like
brandy vaughn have been out there for decades some of them have been killed like her
but the information has been out there the illusion of consensus has been
congeiliating over our eyes for decades
oh allen allen allen allen allen
well maybe you know
influencer just say making an influencer
influencer gosh yeah we've got historic pandemics of that but any any virus um any
transmissible pathogen of any kind could be potential pandemic
they also have an amendment that would curb diversity so now
please tell me you understood what he just said
we've gone from it being required for the last three years to have a fear and cleavage site
in order to make it super hyper transmissible like no virus we've ever seen in the history of
of mankind to allen here saying that any transmissible pathogen is a potential pandemic
any any transmissible pathogen is a potential pandemic well that's impressive
that's impressive i mean man oh man first yes and NIH funded research on topics like gender
affirming care i mean this is just this is part of this whole idiotic culture wars
campaign talking point that's been just yeah
anyway this is highly um ill advised because uh as i said i i think it's partially in in
retribution for tony fauci telling rann paul he didn't know what he was talking about which is true
i would say when it comes to gain a function every member of the house probably doesn't know
anything about it someone told them they should vote against this and uh they did but i suppose
the senate will not vote for it so i'm not sure the scientific community even has a good grip
on a definition for a good question or for uh potentially potential pandemic pathogen yeah right
i mean that that's that's one of the one of the problems here is that all those concepts are
pretty slippery and it's not because one of the problems is is that the idea of a pandemic where
something can go around the globe because it's it can it can it can replicate
is something that even the best insect can't do very fast the best insect can't do it without a
lot of help from boats and stuff and yet somehow or another viruses boy oh boy they can this one
this one this one virus could go from a point release in a market in luhan and coat the globe
with itself i mean it's in every every other house on my street right every other house on
your street and in 2019 it was in none of those houses do you understand that that that's the
concept here that these guys seem to think is just a natural yeah that's sure that works
they are attributing superpowers to something that's not even a pattern integrity
and and insects can move fast breed fast they're very adaptable they eat lots of stuff and yet
insects can't cover the globe in themselves in oh but that's because they don't have a niche
the niches are all taken up and we were talking about niches for viruses the other week and these
guys were arguing about the fact that you really can't call them niches because they're not species
but they still haven't understood that the whole concept of a virus and the way that we
talk about them is essentially treating them as pattern integrates treating them as living things
with the capacity to engage in behavior and have emergent properties that we have here
to for only ascribe to pattern integrates pattern integrity is being things that use energy
and material to maintain a form they have homeostatic homeostatic mechanisms
they can be said to engage in homeostasis there's no homeostasis in an RNA wrapped in
lipoproteins and there's no pandemic potential in them
we have to wake people up to this absolute illusion and these people may never wake up
they may never understand it even if I had them each on my show and we talked about it
they may not quite get it but some of them might that girl in the corner might get it this lady
right here might get it she just did her postdoc in in Vincent's lab she's just bamboozled by her
by her PhD supervisor this guy might get it this is the guy who didn't and didn't agree with the niches
maybe I need to be at about 80 instead of 90 or 100 like that it's a really big hand and if I
was a little bit smaller I could point a little better at all of them anyway I'm going to let them
go they have more to say there's more to say I mean it's just because of the limits of the science
really because you can't you can't predict what's going on here and that's that's one of the reasons
that it in my mind at least makes most sense to have some process by which from the ground up
and this is one of the things that's suggested in some of these things from the ground up these
things can be considered on a case-by-case basis by people who know what's going on
I'm glad to see some information from ASM against this year I mean this is clearly clearly a job
for the National Academy of Sciences they should be advising Congress on these issues and
they're not even seeking their advice and that's that's wrong also because they're
they're not turning over every stone before they make decisions they're not seeking their advice
because they don't want data right they don't want us yes that's right this is not about facts
there would be nice to have a meeting and of scientists and talk about this exactly and maybe
even some people who do risk assessment right you throw them in there and they could talk about
it would be very useful instead of having politicians make these edicts I've probably said this before
but this when I consider this it reminds me of when I actually it wasn't when I first joined
now it was when I renewed my certification that's the National Association of Underwater
Instructors I think yeah yeah that's a scuba diving organization and like the first thing
out of the instructors it's not instructors who are behind on their mortgage the first thing
out of the instructors mouth was listen we have a number of safety protocols and sort of
we have our own self-regulatory process he said it's everybody's obligation to pay close
attention to this stuff because if we don't regulate ourselves the government will and that
will be addressed there's no pun intended in regularly I hope yeah good fix it it might be
good here if you were able to put in that paper that was in the three journals at the same time
the ASM journals yeah that talked about that gain of function research and had that really
important table that yes listed examples of the kinds of benefits to human kind and
agricultural good idea animals and plants from we'll put that in so-called gain of function research
okay all right next thing is a chronic wasting disease here we go
which is a disease is a prion disease of what is servants servants deer elk in a moose right
yes and a prion disease is a neurological disease where a protein that you have in you
and this goes for deer as well start to the misfold and you get a neurological generation
which is ultimately fatal and a number of years ago it started to be picked up in deer a number
of animals have it humans do and others mink and many other sheep now deer and this one is in
Tennessee and they have a lot of cases they they basically take deer that have been harvested
for hunting and they look for a presence of the prion and last year they tested 20,762 samples
and 813 were positive so the concern hearing yes go ahead go ahead
no right so no we're getting we're getting to this year now you know the concern is that it
would spread from deer so the first question that comes to mind is what's the test
what does the test do they use do they sequence for it are they have a lysotest for it is it
you know antibodies what are they looking for because supposedly one particle
just one particles enough supposedly that's how prions work i heard it from an expert the other
night actually two experts the other night said that it's just one particle one particle is enough
and it's over game over dominoes falling so i really wonder what the test is and how
how certain they can really be that they found it given the test 800 were positive
interesting interesting interesting stuff here interesting stuff
the other animals right humans like to eat deer i understand they hunt them and the dressing
in the field how do the deer catch it the people who hunt deer and dress them in the field
if they don't know that the deer so the deer the deer appear to catch it from each other each
other yes but where they got it to start with is another question that's another question and this
is an this is an issue with prion diseases in general because these are they're not viruses
just to be clear but virologists have ended up kind of with prions in our field because nobody
else wanted them and so they're they're proteins and they are naturally occurring proteins of course
that are often doing essential functions but under certain circumstances one of them can
misfold and if you you know studied virology or listened any infants and selectures you you know
that the folded shape of a protein is very important but what's different about prion proteins is that
they have a misfolded configuration that can happen that then allows that misfolded protein
to catalyze a transition in other proteins one thing that just came to mind
yeah you got to just be a little smaller i think but one thing that just came to mind which i
find very interesting is that it supposedly google has figured out how all the proteins fold
they have this program you know that had that three-dimensional thing flying over my head with
all those proteins that was actually from some google fold program where they were
announced earlier this year that they had actually figured out how all proteins fold they have this
new ai that can do it so then my assumption would be that that ai can easily explain
how prions work and exactly what structures in proteins can result in the catalytic misfolding
of other proteins around them it should be very obvious i mean if they have an ai that's capable
of folding any and telling you what any tertiary sequence of a of a protein is given its amino
acid list then i can't imagine that with this kind of computing power this kind of a breakthrough
that they can't figure out how given that they have the sequence of these things
that they can't put that sequence in this folding program and find out how they fold together folding
folders and make those folding folders fold the wrong way so that instead of folding and folding
and working they fold and then they fold up other things that get f'd up
so these are real real biologists they're all academic biologists but none of them seem to be
able to really take this problem and work it to its final end to where you can get some useful
thinking done i don't really get it how can you be a biologist and not have this gigantic
battleship size question in your head about weight how does this work
and since we know all this stuff about how proteins fold why can't you explain it to me
why does it stop with little photos or little cartoons of alpha helix and beta pleated sheets
and then some hand waving about how yeah these sequences boy they can go they can go bananas you
know like when you put three rubic cubes together and then they all solve themselves
well if you put them on the right colors that's what happens
you know some of the rubic cubes are magnetic so that can work or you know the rubic snake
those things those rubic snakes boy if you put them in the box the right way you would get them
out and they would all be folded the same sitting right next to each other it was pretty cool
they have no mechanism they have no explanation despite all of our structural protein knowledge
they have no data to explain to you a mechanism by which this occurs other than your intuition
that this makes sense that sometimes proteins fold incorrectly and sometimes they fold incorrectly
and it causes other proteins to fold incorrectly you know like when one folding chair causes another
folding chair to break and they all break it doesn't really really make sense yet but i'm sure
someday they'll they'll use google fold to figure out how beta pleated sheets and alpha helices can
result in some kind of pseudo three-dimensional domino effect where one misfolded protein can
cause a regularly folded protein to go bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla now everybody's
misfolded darn it that's too bad that happened 20 amino acids and we're all screwed darn it
to misfold them like a 3d chain reaction of misfoldings yeah yeah yeah um and these will
often they'll they'll polymerize into tendrils like in the nervous tissue uh which is characteristic
of neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's but in this case it's a pathogenic protein that's
making these polymers of something that should be going about its normal function but now it's
making these threads that are damaging the neurons and you get all these various sequelae
med cal disease bse scrapian sheet what is the core core in trisalt yachos kuru
so all these different diseases have all different variations of the same protein
misfolding but they still can't tell us how it works they're not showing us no papers out there
show us a picture of the different proteins and what's parallel with them what's what's in common
with all these these proteins that are causing all these troubles
can we see a crystallization of these proteins or maybe we can use a computer model of x-ray
crystallography because roberm loans got one of those and he modeled the entire pharmaceutical
library of the fda of all approved products with that computer model of x-ray crystallography so
i'm sure he could model a few hundred a few what 20 amino acids and show you how that 20 amino
acids can magically make another 20 amino acids misfold the proposition
is a cartoon their understanding is a cartoon their explanation is a cartoon so how can we be
led to believe this cartoon is real are there sick deer yes there are has any human ever caught
this disease from a deer no they haven't hmm interesting it's interesting interesting days
here ladies and gentlemen because there's a lot of interesting parallel double downs that
shouldn't be parallel that was some eating brain yeah yeah yeah brain so that's why i'm asking
about deer they're not they're not meeting they're not eating brains but the the prions are in
other parts of the body including apparently they can be detected in the deer urine yep
probably and that's a major scent cue for deer so they're marking their territory they're sniffing
their territory they're getting and the prions are very these um cw prions are very durable in the
environment sure they're very durable in the environment and they're peeing all over your
backyard so if your kids go out in the yard they could get these prions all over them and they're
very durable in the environment i mean not like RNA that just did just you know gets degraded by
RNases and and UV light these proteins are durable in the environment and they're in deer urine
something about this cartoon seems to be incongruent with our reality
but they're going to tell the story of the cartoon anyway
and they're going to mislead our children with the cartoon anyway
because that's the way they govern us with cartoons
so one of the control measures that they implement in places with seed actually i think this is
probably most places now um is uh traditionally deer hunters have used deer urine as a lure
so they'll buy bottles of deer urine and and dribble it on some trees and then you know deer
will come and check it out um but uh many states now regulate this and tennessee is among them
um so that you can you can only use synthetic lures or deer urine that's been produced i think
it has to be produced in the state from a certified facility that does all sorts of tests to make
sure that they don't have the cwd prion in it they also don't want you to put out food and salt licks
which is i presume to interrupt transmission they don't want you to put out food and salt licks
because that's cheating that's like being shitty to the deer that's why i mean come on this is just
crazy we're talking about oh my goodness this is so funny coming from Wisconsin it's just really
hard to hear people talk about deer hunting when they don't know what they're talking about i mean
it's just sad oh yeah it could have started in deer as a spontaneous misfolding many years ago
in one deer and then it spread from deer to deer ha from deer to deer from one deer over many years
that's how it happened i'm sure yes just you know that darn joker card got in my deck and then
more joker cards got out of my deck and got in your deck and then those joker cards multiplied
and got into other people's deck and before you knew it there was joker cards in every deer urine
it's just such a ridiculous story that attributes a pattern integrity's attributes to a protein
try
it's just very very frustrating i think we're finally here though so you have to see it as a
happy day has a happy time because we've made progress with being able to explain what's wrong
with this mythology and what's wrong with it is that we continually are being baited into applying
biological principles that heretofore have only been applied to patterned
integrity's that can be described as species that actually evolve through selective pressure
and selection at least that's what we think and so we've come up with all these
descriptive terms which identify phenomenon that seem to be emergent in these pattern
integrity's we've learned a lot from birds we've learned a lot from monkeys we've learned a lot
from the phylogenies of animals that we've tried to assemble based on their genetic relations
to one another
and those principles of evolution and phylogeny have been applied to viruses without necessarily
establishing that they are patterned integrity's worthy of that description even the very thought
that these are phylogenetically descended from one ancestor in Wuhan is an imposed mythology
it is an imposed mythology that this illusion of consensus from the craziest people on the internet
in March 2020 to the most mainstream people on the internet in 2020 has been preserved for four years
this idea that we can think of viruses mostly as alive mostly as evolving mostly as pathogens
mostly as pathogens even though all of those attributes are reserved for patterned
integrity's all of those concepts have been heretofore only applied to patterned integrity's
and these virologists these molecular biologists have inverted our thinking
to thinking that something that is a molecule wrapped in other molecules is a patterned integrity
endowed with something sacred and it's not whereas a mouse
or let's use a rat in your backyard as nasty a vermin it is it's a patterned integrity
that's why putting the trays of poison out in the backyard don't quite get rid of all of them
because they're patterned integrity's it's not paint you can't just clean it up you can't just
use alcohol and wipe the bench and now it's clean but you can do that with viruses yep you can
because it might be that viruses are not patterned integrity's and i think that's where we are
and prions are not patterned integrity's so it is impossible to explain their spread
as starting from a single animal where it just was an event where some protein folded badly
if that was the case then one protein folding badly 50,000 years ago would have wiped out
in the entire the entire branch that we call mammals are you kidding me let's just rewind
time a little bit and think about this as a possibility apparently all that has always existed because
we didn't find the prion protein for the first time in humans or in deer or in this contemporary
time these guys all must believe in the dogma of biology that we've been using dna and rna and
proteins for millions of years so then that means prions have been around for millions of years
which means that at any point in time previous to this one the misfolding of a protein could
have led to a domino effect which wiped out the whole freaking mammalian branch of life
but it didn't
these people just are claiming that they understand phenomenon that they can barely even describe
succinctly they they're claiming that they understand biological phenomenon and all the
implications of them and all the various ways of controlling them when they can't even describe
the mechanism by which that phenomenon works a plausible one even just a bunch of hand waving
about how a protein can misfold and cause other proteins to misfold like you know sometimes when
that occasionally that one sock folds itself in the laundry and then all the laundry comes out
folded you know sometimes that happens it's just not very often but sometimes a shirt will fold
itself and because it folded itself all the other laundry will fold itself you know how entropy
works
unbelievable and the concern is spreading to other animals including humans there haven't been any
human cases yet oh you know you have to be careful and also to cows who would graze in a pasture
where deer go in they've shown that prions in the soil can be taken up with the plant roots and
go up to the leaves and they're infectious there so theoretically a cow could lick it and acquire
them so a lot of and they're infectious there but what does that mean infectious there when nobody's
had one no animal no human has gotten it from the deer so how is it infectious there if prions
from the soil can go up into plants and get into the cows what is he talking about
all our children would be dead if this was true our children wouldn't even exist right now if
this was true or we're going on a slow roll and we're in the midst of the extinction of the mammals
I guess it's just a matter of time it just takes one
concerns here and then isn't some of that related to how scrappy happens in a lot of sheep
yeah sheep maybe sheep gets scrappy and I thought it could be due to sort of some of the contamination
in the pasture that would make sense because they also are you know herbivores and of course
since we're talking about sheep cows in the UK were fed ground up sheep and they got prions
from the sheep and that started the mad cow disease outbreak which spilled over into people
wait burgers because you can't inactivate these by cooking or anything very difficult to inactivate
so the the the so why can't you inactivate them why why do they have a protein
why do they have a attribute of a protein that no other protein has there is a term called denaturing
where when you heat a protein beyond a certain temperature it can no longer sustain its
tertiary folding structure that was it gained as a result of its manufactured by ribosomes
so i'm curious as to how it is that a protein can lock itself into a position which renders it
temperature impervious it doesn't really jive with the chemical nature of the proteins that
we've understood up until this stage and in fact it suggests that prions are not prions
that they're not proteins that there's something else or whatever they're looking at is not what
they think they're looking at if they're looking at anything at all
i think it's it's getting scary in a way because we're being forced to really question the basic
tenets of biology the basic tenets of of these
these claims and it's very very strange to me that some of these more outlandish
and and lack of lacking foundation theories in biology are now being pursued and pushed to the
four prion disease is not something that we study a lot because there aren't very good examples
of it there it also supposedly is so dangerous that when people study it they die
but they have no mechanism for how it works they can't explain how it works
and they can't show you any diagrams of how it works even though it can be as little as 20 amino
acids according to some experts even though it only takes one one particle one single molecule
according to some experts they still can't explain to you how those 20 amino acids result in other
proteins and a cascade of misfolding they just they don't have an explanation
and they don't seem to be interested in one and this sounds a lot like the rest of virology
where the cartoon is sufficient where the hand waving is sufficient the assumptions are okay
it doesn't matter it's a good ballpark
we've got to be very careful ladies and gentlemen because the train is still moving at full speed
and nobody cares we're the only ones who are paying attention right now and a lot of other
people are still being bamboozled by those on our side who are pushing the worst case scenario
the worst case scenario of bioweapons the worst case scenario of prion disease the worst case scenario
of nothing to do with protocols
they talk for hours about prions they talk for hours about bioweapons they talk for hours about
anthrax they never talk about the protocols and how protocols and opioid deaths were used to
create excess deaths that were then blamed on covid that were used to tell the narrative
because you had to have excess deaths to point to and there were only a few ways for them to
create them and not all of them were as reliable or as as useful as others once the narrative
started to break down you couldn't use ventilators forever you weren't going to get away with using
remdesivir forever you weren't going to get away with not using antibiotics forever but they got
away with it long enough to create the event and then they were on top of this worst case
scenario narrative that had been laid by everyone from Rand Paul to Tony Fauci to Paul Catrell to
George Webb
they all were laying a worst case scenario narrative about a gain of function virus and we know nothing
and we're still being misled right now as we speak today of the same things by the same people
worst case scenario is still on the table worst case scenario is still being prepared
worst case scenario still coming in the future worst case scenario still has many facets that you
don't understand and while they're talking about worst case scenario for hours and hours and hours
they never reflect on the PCR fraud or on the death certificate fraud or the do not resuscitate
orders in New York or all the other fraud that led to the excess deaths that they called COVID
that these people called the bio weapon that these people said we're giving this is the the crux of it
the people who repeated over and over in 2021 that a million people have been killed those people
while they knew that protocols would did the majority of it while they knew that the majority
of it was based on lies they said that a million people were killed by COVID
these are liars ladies and gentlemen these are liars and we need to sort out the liars
from those that have misled the others because the others are just following their lead
the others are our trusting people they shouldn't trust and you can't always fault people for that
you can't not in this stressful time not in this this evil malevolent time
people were desperate to find people to trust and people were very good trained liars highly skilled
and the illusion of consensus about a dangerous novel virus that killed millions of people the
millions of more were saved from and is likely from a gain of function lab was a consensus that
was almost impossible to break because almost all of these people were involved in sustaining
part of it by not questioning it if all you ever did was fight for one thing if all you ever did was
become known for one thing during the pandemic chances are you were not fighting for us
that's the bottom line if you weren't an integrator at some point and adding up all of the things
that you knew were wrong with this adding up all of the things that were incongruent and telling
people man i can't believe how much of this stuff people didn't get then you were you are
probably not fighting for us like if you had one message you know one thing that you always
get invited to talk about one thing that you go all around the world complaining about one thing
and you probably weren't fighting for us because there were lots of things to talk about and
everybody should have been talking about them it should have been okay for any one of these people
to go and talk about it you wouldn't need all the people to go unless all the people had to go
in order to perform a theater where this was never questioned this faith was never questioned
and that's what i think's going on here that's why i'm building this map that's why i want to
meet all these people talk to them and DM them tweet with them because i want to figure out why
they can't see the obvious that this is not a mystery virus until you do the math excess deaths
is not the mystery virus because there are lots of known sources of this excess deaths that people
should be talking about and there's no evidence of spread
and so all of these people are engaged in a train pulling and pushing exercise where they're
faking the stopping and starting the train they are participating in it together the reason why
it's important to understand the participation part is because if this guy does it by himself
he doesn't need to coordinate with anyone he doesn't need to stay out of anyone's way
he can just pretend that he's doing it all by himself but by himself he would never be able
to convince a group of children that he was really having any meaningful effect on this trade
however with a bunch of his friends dressed big and strong with lights and with little machines
that made sparks and 40 of them lined up equally spaced along that train making noises and not
getting in each other's way by carefully coordinating their movements and timing those 40 guys with
lighted suits and sparks could make those children think that they were actually stopping and starting
the train themselves and that's what needed to be done with this pandemic by giving everybody a
separate job and making sure that no one was allowed to always be on top of everything but
everyone had a single part of the train to push and fake that they were pulling and pushing on
so you fake and push and pull on the last car i'll fake and push and pull on the third car
you fake and push and pull on the fifth car and other five of us will fake and push and pull on the
last car and collectively we will fool all of these children into believing we're stopping the car
stopping the train and starting it again and that's what all of these things were that's what the
arguments about individual early treatments that's what the argument of of protocols was about
Richard Fleming had a protocol with Remdesivir on it for the first nine months of the of the pandemic
go figure right that's what arguing about the the misuse of steroids is that's what the
argument of the the use of antibiotics was all of these things separately were fought for by
different people and discussed or represented by different people heart officially or synthetically
or or by just the grassroots randomness of it and then once all those things were sorted they
were promoted that way and if somebody like Byron Bridal came out early with something they didn't
expect and they threw someone else in front of him so the Byron would never really be able to have
the impact that he wanted to have and they could ruin his career and bog him down with legal
challenges and then put someone else on Brett Weinstein's podcast who would speak out in a more
nuanced way about the transfections while never actually calling them transfections
and slow roll the realization that maybe this wasn't going to work as planned
and slow roll it in a way so that the vast majority of people in America would still believe that this
whole thing was that was happening and that's what this slow roll was they have convinced us
that the earth was clean before 2019 and then something got out and it covered the earth in itself
that is not possible but somehow there's an illusion of consensus that it's obviously happened
and despite the fact that the EUAs and the lockdowns were kind of bad for some people millions were
killed by a virus and millions more were saved by less than perfect lockdown measures but it was
again a function virus what else could we have done that's what this faith is and the faith is
definitely a lie and that's what they're doing to us they're just lying to us right through their
teeth and so we've got to show those lies to our children we've got to teach them that they've
been lied to teach them in the right way though you've got to teach them compassion to understand
that their teachers were frightened into believing this stuff that the TV has bullied them into
believing this stuff just like we believed it a few years ago ladies and gentlemen
just like i believed it a few years ago and gave kind of kids all their shots
ladies and gentlemen stop transfection and help the humans quite frankly get off the vaccines
schedule quite frankly just stop it all if you're a new parent don't give them anything
if you're thinking about having kids understand that children are so resilient and beautiful
that if you don't give them any vaccines you might actually have a kid that sleeps through the night
you might have a kid that doesn't have earache or sore throat or anything you might have a kid
that grows up to be a super genius oh ladies and gentlemen they are trying to eliminate the
control group by any means necessary and they really already have right i'm not in the control
group if you talk about all vaccines but i am compared to my children
i had a few they've had many but none of them have been transfected and you shouldn't
transfect anybody you love either ladies and gentlemen thanks for joining me it was definitely
not an hour it was an hour and 36 minutes but you know that's how it goes
intra muscular injection many combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune
system is dumb transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not pattern
integrities i don't know if this is the intellectual bright web the interdependent
bright web the interdisciplinary bright web the invisible bright web but it is definitely
giga ohm biological thanks for joining me i'll see you again tomorrow
i
hundred and four people here thank you very much for joining me guys i really appreciate it please
share it um and yes i'm going to bed i'm going to bed good night ladies and gentlemen good night
you